#240: update cytoband ordering (#245)
ga4gh/vrs: docs/source/terms_and_model.rst

  bands, and legacy marker names found in older scientific literature.
* When :ref:`CytobandInterval` refers to cytogentic bands, the valid
  values for, and the syntactic structure of, the `start` and `end`
  depend on the species.

> * When using :ref:`CytobandInterval` to refer to human cytogentic
>   bands, ISCN conventions MUST be used. Bands are denoted by the arm
>   ("p" or "q") and position (e.g., "22", "22.3", or the symbolic
>   values "cen" or "ter"). ISCN conventions order bands p-ter → cen →
>   q-ter. In practice, this means that bands on the p-arm are
>   represented in descending numerical order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using :ref:`CytobandInterval` to refer to human cytogentic
  bands, ISCN band designations MUST be used. Bands are denoted 
  by the arm ("p" or "q") and position (e.g., "22", "22.3", or the 
  symbolic values "cen" or "ter"). ISCN conventions specify that 
  bands are “numbered consecutively from the centromere outward 
  along each chromosome arm”[ISCN2016]_. As a result, when cytobands 
  are conceptually ordered analogous to SequenceLocations
  (p-ter → cen → q-ter), p-arm coordinates are represented in 
  descending numerical order followed by q-arm coordinates in
  ascending numerical order. Implementations MUST
  follow this convention when assigning values to the `start` 
  and `stop` attributes for :ref:`CytobandInterval`.
  
.. [ISCN2016] McGowan-Jordan, J. (Ed.). (2016). ISCN 2016: An 
  International System for Human Cytogenomic Nomenclature (2016). Karger.
```
